README.md, before:

Results-driven **Cloud & Data Engineer** <br>
<span style="font-size:14px"> <b>(AWS-Certified | 5+ Yrs Experience)</b> </span>

---

I design, build, and optimize **cloud-native platforms**, high-throughput data pipelines, and **AI-powered analytics** on AWS & Azure. I turn complex, high-volume datasets into **reliable, real-time insights** that drive decisions and measurable business outcomes.

---

### 🚀 Highlights
- ⏱️ **Cut processing times by 40%** with scalable architectures
- 💸 **Lowered operational costs by 25%** via optimized ETL
- 📈 **Improved forecasting accuracy by 30%** using predictive models
- 📊 **Lifted sales conversion by 15%** with live BI dashboards

---

### 🧰 Tech Stack
**Python** | **SQL** | **Terraform** | **React** |  **Node.js** | **Flutter** | **Docker/Kubernetes**<br>
**AWS Glue** | **Azure Data Factory** | **SAP ERP Integration**  
*Focus: Secure, highly available, cost-efficient, and observable systems that are testable and easy to evolve.*

---

### 🤝 Let's Connect!
- [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunday-oyebiyi/)
- [![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-oyebiyi.myloveboxes.com-ff69b4?logo=githubpages&logoColor=white)](https://oyebiyi.myloveboxes.com/)

> If your teams need faster pipelines, clearer analytics, full-stack development, and measurable outcomes, **let’s talk!**

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated focus
Updated the README to reflect a focus on frontend, data, and cloud engineering, including impact highlights and tech stack.

README.md, after:

# Sunday Oyebiyi — Frontend · Data · Cloud Engineer

**AWS-Certified | 5+ Years Experience**

I design, build, and optimize cloud-native platforms, data pipelines, and analytics dashboards that transform complex datasets into real-time insights.

By combining frontend engineering, data pipelines, and cloud infrastructure, I deliver scalable, secure, and cost-efficient systems enabling AI- and ML-powered solutions. I specialize in sourcing, cleaning, and preparing data for advanced analytics — ensuring high-quality, trustworthy datasets that fuel predictive models, intelligent dashboards, and automated decision-making.

---

## 🚀 Impact Highlights

- ⏱️ **Reduced processing times by 40%** with scalable cloud architectures
- 💸 **Lowered operational costs by 25%** through optimized ETL pipelines
- 📈 **Improved forecasting accuracy by 30%** using AI-ready datasets and predictive models
- 📊 **Increased sales conversion by 15%** with live BI dashboards and data-driven UI
- 🤖 **Enabled AI/ML adoption** by sourcing, cleaning, and preparing high-quality datasets for training and inference
- 🔐 **Strengthened data security & compliance** with role-based access, encryption, and cloud IAM policies
- 🌍 **Integrated cross-platform APIs** (ERP, SaaS, and 3rd-party tools) to unify data flows across business units
- 📉 **Reduced data errors by 35%** via automated quality checks and monitoring pipelines
- ⚡ **Accelerated feature delivery** by building reusable UI/data components, cutting development time by 20%
- ☁️ **Improved reliability & uptime** with containerized, autoscaling deployments (Docker/Kubernetes)

---

## 🧰 Tech Stack

- **Frontend & Visualization:** React · TypeScript · D3.js · Node.js · Flutter
- **Data & Cloud Engineering:** Python · SQL · Terraform · Docker/Kubernetes · AWS Glue · Azure Data Factory
- **AI/ML Enablement:** Data sourcing · Cleaning & feature engineering · Pipeline orchestration for ML workloads
- **Enterprise Integration:** API Development & Integration · SAP ERP Integration

---

**Focus:** Secure, observable, and testable systems — designed to evolve with modern AI-driven business needs.

### 🤝 Let's Connect!
- [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sunday-oyebiyi/)
- [![Website](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-oyebiyi.myloveboxes.com-ff69b4?logo=githubpages&logoColor=white)](https://oyebiyi.myloveboxes.com/)

> If your teams need faster pipelines, clearer analytics, full-stack development, and measurable outcomes, **let’s talk!**
